ClimateCare - Privacy Policy

Our contact details:
Name: ClimateCare
Address: 
University of Exeter, Streatham Campus
Northcote House, Exeter 
EX4 4QJ

E-mail: lh813@exeter
 
The type of personal information we collect:
We currently collect and process the following information:
•	Personal identifiers, contacts, and characteristics (name, email address)
•	User location


How we get the personal information and why we have it:
Most of the personal information we process is provided to us directly by you for one of the following reasons:
•	So that we can maintain an account for you within this system that only you have access to that stores your progress
•	So that we can verify (due to a certain degree) that you are completing the tasks you claim to be by matching your location against locations maintained by the developers. We do not store location data.
We use the information that you have given us in order to maintain a database that a user can log into and to validate sustainability tasks. 
We will not share any information provided with us with any external organisations. 
Under the UK General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), the lawful bases we rely on for processing this information are:
(a) Your consent. You can remove your consent at any time. You can do this by contacting lh813@exeter.ac.uk
(b) We have a legitimate interest.

How we store your personal information:
Your information is securely stored. We store all data in back-end databases that are secure against common cybersecurity threats. 
We keep all of your personal details for 2 years. We will then dispose your information by removing it from our database manually. We do not retain any location data we extract from users while verifying location.

Your data protection rights:
Under data protection law, you have rights including:
Your right of access - You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. 
Your right to rectification - You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. 
Your right to erasure - You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances. 
Your right to restriction of processing - You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. 
Your right to object to processing - You have the the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability - You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
Please contact us at lh813@exeter.ac.uk if you wish to make a request.




How to complain:
If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can make a complaint to us at lh813@exeter.ac.uk
You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.
The ICO’s address:            
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF

Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
ICO website: https://www.ico.org.uk

Date: 09/03/2023
Author: ClimateCare (Laurie H, Des H, Sanchi C, Nevan M, Lucia A, Jessie M)

